H kudari is um a local journalist in the
Gaza Strip This is the scene in the
strip as night falls you can still see
Heavy clouds of smoke hanging over the
skyline and interest interestingly you
can't see any lights on you can see one
small light there in the Gaza Strip as
night descends there is no
electricity there because Israel has cut
it
off hind kodari you are joining us from
there tell us first of all what the
situation is you've had to move to a
hotel what happened
there um to be honest the situation
right now is literally um um devastating
um and during the past couple of hours
we have been hearing nonstop massive
explosions I don't know if you can hear
my background but uh there are war
planes in any second any Place
surrounding me can be targeted um what
happened today with us what we witnessed
today was something I never witnessed I
saw thousands of Palestinian refugees in
unwa uh schools without electricity
without water uh without food everyone
was saying that they they can't even
afford water they fed their homes after
um receiving those text messages from
the Israeli Army that they need to um
uh leave their houses but uh but other
people um got their houses flattened but
at the same time um there is no safe
space for Palestinians um to to go even
the honor was supposed today when we
were in The Honorable school there was
um a house that was been targeted by the
Israeli air strikes and I I don't know
from where to start there's a lot going
on right now but what I really see is
something I I never lived something I
never reported before and it's very
dangerous for everyone in the Gaza Strip
right now the the pictures that we're
seeing much of the strip seems to be in
darkness I can't see many lights on in
buildings we know that Israel has cut
off its supply of electricity there is
another Supply that gazans can access
but how do you keep getting supplies or
how close are you to running
out to be hon
we only had 3 hours electricity per day
so far since the beginning of the attack
um at half an hour ago the Israelis
targeted the Palestinian
telecommunication um office in the Gaza
Strip so now maybe we don't we won't
have internet in the next couple of days
uh so today we are connected to zoom and
we're talking to the world but maybe in
an hour we won't have any access to any
anyone uh sometime some people in the
Gaza Strip have solar panels where they
have electricity when there is Sun H but
others don't have any access to anything
they they don't have electricity for
example my family um doesn't have uh
solar panels don't have a
generator that was a loud
explosion and close I I believe you
heard it we did we did hind are you
feeling safe carrying on talking to us
we can actually see live pictures of an
explosion which may be the same one that
you've just heard as well an enormous
explosion a huge
flare a number of them across the Gaza
Strip we can
[Music]
see I also believe this is very close it
is do you need to move somewhere else to
go to
safety um I think I'm fine I just need
to figure out where it this because my
family lives very close to here so maybe
would this is also very close to the
okay hind would you like to go okay we
will let you go thank you very much for
talking to us and we wish you all the
best luck please stay
[Applause]
safe one can only imagine what hind
quari was feeling there as we see these
pictures these extraordinary pictures of
the Gaza Strip being pummeled by air
strikes we were talking to hind a
journalist there in Gaza they were close
to where she was she needs to check in
now with her family to find out if
they're
okay it is difficult for the people in
Gaza to cor to speak to one another as
electricity has been
cut and there is nowhere safe to go